Jorge Xavier Vázquez has dedicated his
reading blog to this this week and I'm going to
read you some pieces that I
liked the network that is betting on
trying to overshadow Pablo Moto knows
that at the very least they should maintain the
same product for three seasons and
then they have put this message of
welcome and support for David Broncano
who man is also falling for
his thing I personally am here a little
in favor of Jorge no I mean me The only thing
that would bother me no and that I would criticize
about this is the issue of public money no
that this is done with public money to
give a voice to other people of another ideologies let's
see I don't really care what you want me to
tell you if I'm going to continue thinking the
same and I'm going to have the same ideals and
in the end it's that both El Hormiguero and
the other one are programs of fun
entertainment interviews I like
people who have all kinds of
ideals Javier Negre has been here
Rosa Villacastín has been here jes
uns Manuel Ruiz I adore them all I have a
great time here we are to
gossip and in programs like El
Anthill and as for resistance, in the
end what has to prevail is that, not
laughter and fun